= Selling with Value Workshop =

DISC personality types

Dominance - Assertive, direct, competitive
Influence - Enuthisastic, personable, optimistic
Compliance - Accurate, organized, perfectionist
Steadiness - sincere, patient, modest


Mamma Maggy

Oracle DB EE & SE
MySQl
Weblogic
Pplsoft
JDE

Yen LI is director of operations

Supply chain improvement opportunity

Alex Cooper, director of finance
Kiran, vp sales and marketing

- grumpy about being left in the lurch by previous sales rep
- tried to launch a mobile app
- problems with controlling social media image, negative reviews
- often run out of ingredients

Renee Castro

150m budget for 'project mercury'

D - dominant

usually an elevator pitch discussion
is it possible or not?
be ready to pivot because they will want to talk about their own agenda
in an ex
results oriented

Mapping customer needs

- Goals
  - Goals are established by executives. Quantifiable and timebound
  - leadership develops strats to achieve goals
  - it's important to know who owns each goal, strategy, tactic
  - capture customer landscape to understand goals

Discovery mapping 
- never make up anything
- leave blanks where you aren't sure

How to ask powerful discovery questions
what drives decisions?
what are goals?

down questions - getting into details, pain points
up questions - ask about goal, vision, big picture
"What would that give you? What would that get you?"
"What goals are you trying to acchieve?"
Sideways questions - "what else? who else? Anything else?" 


Mamma maggy example
up - 'how do you manage your systems, oracle db?'
down - 'if you solved this, what would that mean for mm?' 'what would it mean for your org specifically?'
side - top of mind? 'what would be another project after that?' 'who else?'


Renee castro's priorities
strategic direction, technical vision, keeping up with tech, finding balance, reducing tech debt, agility

= customer value based presentations =

Minto pyramid principle
Key message: the answer
Supporting arguments
Supporting data or facts

Kevin

time check, agenda, next meeting
Goal up to, verify. [business value]
call out to who you heard it from

DISC, discovery techniques, directional questioning, SEARCH, 
